[Bernie Mac]
[laughs]
I knew I was gonna see ya, I knew I was gonna see you again!
I was gonna see you again
Where your god damn book bag at?
Always carryin' that lil book bag
Nobody wanna see that
God damn fourth grader
Sit yo' ass down
?? wanna play it again like he got somethin else to do
You ain't got nothin' else to do
You ain't doin nothin wit yo life
[piano starts]
Nothing with your life
What do you think this is?
You betta look at me when i'm talkin' to you!
You think this is easy don't you?
You think this is promised
Oh ain't nothin promised with you
Look at my face, do I got a promise face?
Does it look like promise you anything?
Kanye!
Ni**a! Is you snorin' in my class?
Wake up Mr. West! Mr. West
[echoes into next song]

Wake up, Mr. West

And I heard 'em say,
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
From the Chi, like Tim it's a harder way,
So this is in the name of love, like Robert say

Before you ask me to go get a job today,
Can I at least get a raise on the minimum wage?
And I know the government administer AIDS,
So I guess we just pray like the minister say,

Allāhu Akbar
And throw 'em some hot cars,
The things we see on the screen that's not ours,
But these niggas from the hood so these dreams not far

Where I'm from,
The dope boys is the rock stars,
But they can't cop cars without seein' cop cars,
I guess they want us all behind bars.
I know it.

Uh, and I heard 'em say,
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
And I heard 'em say,
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
(Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.)
But we'll find a way
(And nothing last forever but be honest babe,
It hurts but it may be the only way)

They say people in your life are seasons,
And anything that happen is for a reason,
And niggas gun clapping and keep to squeezin',
And Gran keep prayin' and keep believin'
In Jesus and one day that you see him,
'Til then walk in his footsteps and try to be him,

The devil is alive I feel him breathin',
Claimin' money is the key so keep on dreamin',
And put them lottery tickets just to tease us,
My aunt Pam can't put them cigarettes down,
So now my little cousin's smoking them cigarettes now,
His job try to claim that he too niggerish now,
Is it 'cause his skin blacker than licorice now?
I can't figure it out...
I'm sick of it now

Uh, and I heard 'em say,
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
And I heard 'em say,
Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.
(Nothing's ever promised tomorrow today.)
But we'll find a way
(And nothing last forever but be honest babe,
It hurts but it may be the only way)

With every worthless word we get more far away,
And nothing's ever promised tomorrow today,
And nothing last forever but be honest babe,
It hurts but it may be the only way

I gotta testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day I die
I'mma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day I die
I'mma touch the sky

Back when they thought pink Polos'd hurt the Roc
Before Cam got the shit to pop, the doors was closed
I felt like Bad Boy's street team: I couldn't work the Lox (locks)
Now let's go

Take 'em back to the plan
Me and my momma hopped in the U-Haul van
Any pessimists I ain't talked to them
Plus I ain't have no phone in my apartment

Let's take 'em back to the club
Least about a hour I stand on line
I just wanted to dance
I went to Jacob a hour after I got my advance
I just wanted to shine

Jay favorite line: "Dog, in due time"
Now he look at me, like "Damn, dog, you where I am."
A hip-hop legend
I think I died in a accident 'cause this must be heaven

I gotta testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day I die
I'mma touch the sky
Gotta testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day I die
I'mma touch the sky

Now let's take 'em high la la la la la la la
(Top of the world, baby. Top of the world)
Now let's take 'em high la la la la la la la
(Top of the world, baby. Top of the world)
(Top of the world, baby. Top of the world)

Back when Gucci was the shit to rock
Back when Slick Rick got the shit to pop
I'd do anything to say "I get it"
Damn, them new loafers hurt my pocket

Before anybody wanted K-West beats
Me and my girl split the buffet at KFC
Dog, I was having nervous breakdowns
Like "Man, these niggas that much better than me?"

Baby, I'm going on an airplane
And I don't know if I'll be back again
Sure enough, I sent the plane tickets
But when she came to kick it, things became different

Any girl I cheated on, sheets I skeeted on
Couldn't keep it at home, thought I needed a Nia Long
I'm tryna right my wrongs
But it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song

Now I gotta testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day you die
You gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl!
Testify
Come up in the spot
Looking extra fly
'Fore the day you die
You gon' touch the sky

[Lupe Fiasco:]
Yes, yes, yes guess who's on third?
Lupe steal like Lupin the Third
Hear like ear 'til I'm beer on the curb
Peach fuzz buzz but beard on the verge
Let's slow it down like we're on the syrup
Bottle-shaped body like Mrs. Butterworth
But before you say another word
I'm back on the block like I'm laying on the street
I'm tryna stop Lion like I'm Mumm-Ra
But I'm not lying when I'm laying on the beat
En garde, touché Lupe cool as the unthawed
But I still feel possessed as a gun charge
I come as correct as a porn star
In a fresh pair steps in my best foreign car
So, I represent the first
Now let me end my verse right where the horns are like

I gotta testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day you die
You gon' touch the sky
You gon' touch the sky, baby girl
Testify
Come up in the spot looking extra fly
'Fore the day you die
You gon' touch the sky

We back at home, baby
Sky-high
I'm, I'm sky-high
I'm, I'm sky-high
I'm, I'm sky-high
I'm, I'm sky-high
I'm, I'm sky-high
Sky, sky-high
I'm, I'm sky-high

Keep it rolling
Feels good to be home, baby!
Feels good to be home!

[Jamie Foxx]
She take my money when I'm in need
Yeah she's a trifling friend indeed
Oh she's a gold digger way over town
That digs on me

[Chorus:]
(She gives me money)
Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger (when I'm in need)
But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
(She gives me money)
Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digger (when I'm in need)
But she ain't messin' with no broke niggas
Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave)
Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave)
Get down girl go head get down (I gotta leave)
Get down girl gone head

[Verse 1:]
Cutie the bomb
Met her at a beauty salon
With a baby Louis Vuitton
Under her underarm
She said I can tell you rock
I can tell by your charm
Far as girls you got a flock
I can tell by your charm and your arm
But I'm looking for the one
Have you seen her?
My psychic told me she have an ass like Serena
Trina, Jennifer Lopez, four kids
And I gotta take all they bad ass to show-biz
OK get your kids but then they got their friends
I pulled up in the Benz, they all got up in
We all went to Den and then I had to pay
If you fucking with this girl then you better be paid
You know why?
It take too much to touch her
From what I heard she got a baby by Busta
My best friend says she use to fuck with Usher
I don't care what none of y'all say I still love her

[Chorus]

[Verse 2:]
18 years, 18 years
She got one of your kids, got you for 18 years
I know somebody paying child support for one of his kids
His baby mamma car and crib is bigger than his
You will see him on TV any given Sunday
Win the Superbowl and drive off in a Hyundai
She was supposed to buy your shorty TYCO with your money
She went to the doctor got lipo with your money
She walking around looking like Michael with your money
Should've got that insured got GEICO for your money, money, money
If you ain't no punk holla we want prenup
WE WANT PRENUP! Yeah
It's something that you need to have
'Cause when she leave yo ass she gon' leave with half
18 years, 18 years
And on her 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his

[Chorus]

[Verse 3:]
Now I ain't saying you're a gold digger you got needs
You don't want your dude to smoke but he can't buy weed
You go out to eat, he can't pay y'all can't leave
There's dishes in the back, he gotta roll up his sleeves
But why y'all washing watch him
He gone make it into a Benz out of that Datsun
He got that ambition, baby, look in his eyes
This week he mopping floors, next week it's the fries
So, stick by his side
I know this dude's balling but yeah that's nice
And they gone keep calling and trying
But you stay right girl
And when you get on he leave your ass for a white girl

Get down girl go head get down
Get down girl go head get down
Get down girl go head get down
Get down girl go head
(lemme hear that back)

I brought you brothers here to start our own fraternity
Broke Phi Broke, we ain't got it.
Broke Phi Broke (we ain't got it)
No, we have no money
We are sharin' jeans.
If I go outside, I got the only clothing on.
How many cars do we own? (None!)
How many cars do we own? (None, sir!)
Should we let our woman go and be with the cat in the car?
Yes, we will.
Why? Because we can't afford gas. Say it with me!
(We can't afford no gas!)
Say it!
(We can't afford no gas!)
So we ain't drivin'!

[Chorus:]
Drive slow homey
Drive slow homey
Ya never know homey might meet some hoes homey
Ya need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey

[Kanye:]
My homey Mali used to stay one 79th and May
One of my best friends from back in the day
Down the street form Calumet a school full of stones
He nicknamed me K-Rock so they'd leave me alone
Bulls jacket with his hat broke way off
Walk around the mall with his radio face off
Plus he had the spinner from his Dayton's in his hand
Keys in his hand reason again to let you know he's the man
Back when we rocked Alesis he had dreams of Caprice's
Drove by the teachers even more by police's
How he get that cash today his father passed away
Left him with a little something 16 he was stunting
Al B Sure nigga with the hair all wavy
Hit lakeshore girls go all crazy
Hit the freeway go at least bout 80
Boned so much that summer even had him a baby
See back back then then if you had a car
You were the Chi town version of Baby
And I was just a virgin a baby
One of the reasons I looked up to him crazy
I used to love to play my demo tape when the system yanked
Felt like I was almost signed when the shit got cranked
We'll take a Saturday and just circle the mall
They had the Lincoln's and Aurora's we were hurting them all
With the girls a lot of flirting involved
But dawg fuck all that flirting I'm trying to get in some draws
So put me on with these hoes homey's
He told me don't rush to get grown drive slow homey
Drive slow homie
Drive slow...
Ya never know homey about these hoes homey
Ya need to pump your breaks and drive slow homey

[Paul Wall:]
What It do
I'm posted up in the parking lot my trunk wavin'
The candy gloss is immaculate and is simply amazing
Them elbows poking wide on that Candy-lac
Trunk open, screen's on, neon's lit with fifth relax
I'm on a mission for dime piece's and sexy ladies
Allow me to introduce you to my CL Mercedes
It's a star-studded event when I valet park
Open up my mouth and sunlight illuminates the dark
You see them 4's crawling, you see them screens falling
The disco ball in my mouth insinuates I'm balling
I'm leaning on a switch sitting crooked in my slab
But I could still catch boopas if I drove a cab
A young Houston hard hitter all about the scrilla
Riding some candy coated crawling like a caterpillar
I'm tipping on those 4's I'm jamming off this screw
I'm looking for them hoes baby what it do?

[Chorus:]
Drive slow homey
Turn your hazard lights on when you see them hoes
Drive slow homey
If you riding around the city with nowhere to go
Drive slow homey
Live today cause tomorrow man you never know
Ya never know homey might meet some hoes homey
Ya need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey

[Kanye:]
My cars like the movies my cars like the crib
I got more TV's in here then where I live

[GLC:]
And it don't make no sense but baby I'm the shit
And everything I flip you know is something serious
I got the custom grill I got the Brabus rims
I got the baller genetics baby that's evident
You see a player flicking and you ain't convinced
That you should go and kiss it just a little bit
I wear my custom kicks I got my Jesus chain
My canaries is gleaming though my angle wings
They see me hoes acting like they seen a king
With that mean lean smoking on the finest Cali green
My wood grain oak I'm riding on vogues
My cylinder quiet like tip toes
I sold O's and this I know
When you see them hoes little homey drive slow

Chopped and Screwed
Yeah..
Drive slow homey
Drive slow homey
Ya never know homey might meet some hoes homey
Ya need to pump your brakes and drive slow homey
Drive slow homey

Yeah

I'm on my way home

They say home is where the hate is
My dome is where fate is
I stroll where souls get lost like vegas
Seen through the eyes of rebel glasses
Pray to god that my arms reach the masses
The young smoke grass in grassless jungles
Rubberband together in cashless bundles
We wear struggling chains
Divided only hustle remains
Making sense of it we hustle for change
Revolution ain't a game
It's another name
For life fighting
Someone to stay in they corner like Mike Tyson
Hypes fighting for hits to heighten they hell
Don't he know he only get as high as he fell
Show money becomes bail
Relationships become jail
Children are unheld
I wish love was for sale
Behold the pale
Horse got me trapped like r. kel', I bail and it-

Might not be such a bad idea if I never, never went home again
I'm on my way home
I left three days ago
But no one seems to know I'm gone
Home is where the hatred is
Home is filled with pain and it
Might not be such a bad idea if I never
Never went home again.

[Hook]
[Kanye]
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga

La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la

[The Game]
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga

La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la

[Verse 1]
[Kanye]
How we stop the black panthers?
Ronald Reagan cooked up an answer
You hear that?
What Jill Scott was hearin
When our heroes and heroines got hooked on heroin.
Crack raised the murder rate in DC and Maryland
We invested in that it's like we got Merril-Lynched
And we been hangin from the same tree ever since
Sometimes I feel the music is the only medicine
So we cook it, cut it, measure it, bag it,sell it
The fiends cop it
Nowadays they cant tell if that's that good shit
We ain't sure man
Put the CD on your toungue yeah, thats pure man.

[Hook]

[Verse 2]
From the place where the fathers gone,
The mothers is hardly home
And the...
Gonna lock us up in "Audy Home"
How the Mexicans say we just tryin to party homes
They wanna pack us all in a box like styrofoam
Who gave Saddam anthrax?
George Bush got the answers
Back in the hood it's a different type of chemical,
Am and Hammer baking soda
Raised they own quota
Writin when our soldiers ran for the stove cuz--
Cuz dreams of being 'Hova went from bein a brokeman ta bein a dopeman
Ta bein a president look theres hope man
This that inspiration for tha mos and tha folks man,
Shorty come and see if mama straight overdosin.
And this is the soundtrack,
This tha type of music you make when you round that--
Crack music nigga,
That real black music nigga.

[The Game]
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga

La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la

[Kanye]
God-how could you let this happen, happen, happen, happen, happen, happen?

La-la-la [etc.]

[Kanye]
That's that crack music, crack music
That real black music, black music

La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la

[The Game]
That's that crack music nigga
That real black music nigga

La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
La-la-la-la-la-la

[Kanye]
That's that crack music, crack music,that real black music, black music

[Malik Yusef]
Our father, give us this day our daily bread ...give us these days and take our daily bread,
See I done did all this ole bullshit
And to attone I throw a little somethin, somethin on the pulpit.
We took that shit, measured it and then cooked that shit
And what we gave back was crack music
And now we ooze it through they nooks and crannies
So our mammas aint got to be they cooks and nannies
And we gonna repo everything they ever took from granny
Now the former slaves trade hooks for Grammys
This dark diction has become America's addiction those who ain't even black use it.

[Kanye West]
I know it's past visiting hours
But can I please give her these flowers
The doctor dont wanna take procedures
He claim my heart can't take the anastesia
It'll send her body into a seizure
The little thing by the hospital bed, it'll stop beeping,
Hey chick, im at a lost for words
What do you say at this time?
Remember when I was nine?
Tell her everything gone be fine?
But i'd be lying, the family crying
They want her to live, and she trying
I'm argueing like what kind of doctor can we fly in
You know the best medicine go to people thats paid,
If Magic Johnson got a cure for A.I.D.S.
And all the broke muthafuckers past away
You tellin me if my grandma was in the N.B.A.
Right now she'd be ok?
But since she was just a secretary
Working for the church
For thirty five years
Things sposed to stop right here
My grandfather tryin to pull it together, he's strong,
Thats where I get my confidence from
I asked the nurse "did you do the research?"
She ask me, "can you sign some t-shirts?"
Bitch is you smokin reefer?
You dont see that we hurt
But still...

[Chorus]

...I smile
When roses come to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day
(Im seeing it through your eyes)
Can't wait for the clouds to break

[Verse 2]

[Kanye West]
They outside of the emergency room, room
You can feel my heart beat, beat, beat
If she gone pull through
We gone find out soon
But right now she sleep, sleep, sleep
My mama say, they say she could pass away any day
Hey chick what these doctors know anyway
Let me see the X-rays
I ain't no expert, I'm just hurt
Cousin Kim took off for work
Plus my Aunt Shirley, Aunt Beverly, Aunt Claire and Aunt Jean
So many Aunties, we could have an Auntie team
Feel like Amerie "Its this one thing"
When they said that she made it
You see the eyes gleam
I think we at an all time high
To get there we run, we fly, we drive
Coz with my family we know where home is
So instead of sending flowers
We the roses...

[Chorus]

I smile
When roses come to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day
(Im seeing it through your eyes)
Can't wait for the clouds to break

Who brings the sunshine?

Ohhhhh I smile
When roses come to see me
And I can't wait for a sunny day
(Im seeing it through your eyes)
Can't wait for the clouds to breaK

[Chorus: Brandy]
I always knew that one day
They'd try to bring me down
Wow, one day, they tried to bring me down
Always knew that one day, they'd try to bring me down
Down, way down

[Kanye]
We're going to mass today, we have to pray
Besides what the pastor say, I have to say
Since Pac passed away
Most you rappers don't even deserve a track from me
You see, if you ever wanted to ever be anything
There'd always be somebody that shoot down any dream
There'll always be haters, that's the way it is
Hater niggas marry hater bitches and have hater kids
But they're gonna have to take my life 'fore they take my drive
'cause when I was barely living, that's what kept me alive
Just the thought that maybe it could be better than what we at at this time
Make it out of this grind, 'fore I'm out of my mind
And get some lee way on the he say she say
You girl don't like me, how long has she been gay
Spanish girls say "No hable inglés"
And everybody want to run to me for their single
It's funny how these wack niggas need my help
Wasn't around when I couldn't feed myself
Dog, If I was you, I wouldn't feel myself
Dog, If I was you, I'd kill myself
Made a mill myself, and I'm still myself
And I'ma look in the mirror if I need some help
Now I'll speak from the heart, you all fronting
Everybody feel a way about K but at least you all feel something

[Brandy]
Why you come here, I bet it only it was forget to get you
What kind of dream we found, see I'm often at your cross way
forgetting it was that heaven let you. They tried to bring me down

[Chorus]
[Kanye (Female Voice)]

Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good?
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
But (You make me smile)

What's your addiction? Is it money? Is it girls? Is it weed?
I've been afflicted by not one, not two, but all three
She's got the same thing, about me, but more, about us
She's coming over, so I guess, that means, I'm on drugs
Just let me peek now, I mean damn, I'm so curious
She's got a lover, so the lies, and the lust, is a rush
Time's of the essence, I need, you to be, spontaneous
Roll up the doge, henny and c-c-c-cola, then I'm co coming over
Cuz its ne-never over

[Chorus]
[Kanye (Female Voice)]

Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
But (You make me smile)

I see the emotion in your eyes, that you, try not to show
We get the closest when you high, or you drunk, or you blow
So I pour the potion, so we could both get high, as we could go
Then I'll get the lotion, and do something to me, when your thighs is exposed
There's no turning back now, I mean I don't mean to impose
Not now but right now, I need you to undress, and then pose
I'm into that now, catch a vibe, when the doors, get closed
Roll up the doge, henny and c-c-c-cola, and I keep co coming over
Cuz its ne-never over

[Chorus]
[Female Voice (Female Voice)]

Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
But... (You Make Me Smile)

(You make me smile with my heart)

[INSTRUMENTAL]

[Chorus]
[Kanye (Female Voice)]

Why everything that's supposed to bad make me feel so good
Everything they told me not to is exactly what I would
Man I tried to stop man I tried the best I could
But... (You make me smile, With my heart)

I just wanted to ask you
Just wanted to um
Let how would I put this uhh
Let's say all your friends
Remember the one
You said if you ever she would be the one
Ok, Ok, Ok (You make me smile with my heart)
I was thinking, hypothetically
I mean don't take this seriously
Don't take me: I mean just
Uhh not credibly
I'm feeling incredibly
I mean let it be
Just let it be
I mean you, her and me (You make me smile with my heart)
I mean you, her and me
Maybe, Baby, Baby
You know I was just kidding
Unless you gon' do it

(You make me smile...)

We broke, broke broke phi broke
(We ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi broke
(We ain't got it)
Don't spend no money
Ain't got no clothes
Ain't got no cars
Ain't got no hos
We broke, broke, broke phi broke
(We ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi broke
(We ain't got it)
Got no money (got no money)
We got no clothes (got no clothes)
Ain't got no cars (got no cars)
Can't get no hos
We broke, broke, broke, broke, broke
Buncha niggas
Broke, broke, broke, broke, broke!

[Intro:]
Diamonds are forever
They're all I need to please me
They can't stimulate or tease me
They won't leave in the night
Have no fear that they might
Desert me

[Hook:]
"Diamonds are forever forever forever"
Throw ya diamonds in the sky
If you feel the vibe
"Diamonds are forever forever forever"
The ROC is still alive
Everytime I rhyme
"Forever and ever! "
For ever ever? for ever ever? ever ever?
Ever ever? ever ever? ever ever? ever ever?

[Verse 1:]
Good Morning, this ain't Vietnam still
People lose hands, legs, arms for real
Little was known of Sierra Leone
And how it connect to the diamonds we own
When I speak of Diamonds in this song
I ain't talkin bout the ones that be glowin
I'm talkin bout Rocafella, my home, my chain
These ain't conflict diamonds, is they Jacob? don't lie to me mayne
See, a part of me sayin' keep shinin',
How? when I know of the blood diamonds
Though it's thousands of miles away
Sierra Leone connect to what we go through today
Over here, it's a drug trade, we die from drugs
Over there, they die from what we buy from drugs
The diamonds, the chains, the bracelets, the charmses
I thought my Jesus Piece was so harmless
'Til I seen a picture of a shorty armless
And here's the conflict
It's in a black person's soul to rock that gold
Spend ya whole life tryna get that ice
On a polo rugby it look so nice
How could somethin' so wrong make me feel so right, right?
'Fore I beat myself up like Ike
You could still throw ya Rocafella diamond tonight, 'cause

[Hook]

[Verse 2:]
[Kanye From Original Song:]
People askin' me is I'm gon' give my chain back (uh)
That'll be the same day I give the game back (uh)
You know the next question dog 'yo, where Dame at? ' (uh)
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back (whoo!)
'Wassup with you a Jay man, are ya'll okay man? '
[Jay-Z:]
Yep!
I got it from here 'ye damn!
The chain remains, the game is in tact
The name is mine, I'll take blame for that
The pressure's on, but guess who ain't gon' crack? [laughs]
Pardon me I had to laugh at that
How could you falter when you're the rock of Gibraltar
I had to get of the boat so I could walk on water
This ain't no tall order, this is nothin to me
Difficult takes a day, impossible takes a week
I do this in my sleep,
I sold Kilos of coke, (so?) I'm guessin' I can sell CD's
I'm not a businessman, I'm a business, man
Let me handle my buisness, damn!
Kanyeez you got me, Freeway and Foxy
YG', Teairra Mari, Petey watch me
Bleek could be one hit away his whole career
As long as I'm alive, he's a millionaire
And even if I die, he's in my will somewhere
So he can just kick back and chill somewhere, oh yeah
He don't even have to write rhymes
The Dynasty like my money last three lifetimes
Shirley Bassey was in the rear sayin exactly
What I was sayin practically me whole career
The diamond is forever, I been minin' this forever
Now the Louis Vuitton Don's timin' couldn't be better
People lined up to see the Titanic sinkin'
Instead we rose from the ashes like a phoenix
If you waitin' for the end of the dynasty sign
It'll seem like forever is a mighty long time
I'm young bitches [laughs]
Goodnight!

You motherfuckers better do your job and roll up and watch how we roll up and
I can't control it, can't hold it, it's so nuts
I take a sip of that yak, I wanna fuck
I take a hit of that chronic, it got me stuck
But really what's amazing is how I keep blazing
Towel under the door smoke until the days end
Puff, puff then pass, don't fuck up rotation
Hpnotic for Henny, now nigga that's your chaser
Turn nothin to something now pimpin' that's a savior
Best things are green now pimp and get your paper
High off the ground instead of skyscraper
Cool off thinkin' we local, come on homie, we major

We major (come on, homie, we major) [repeat]

Feeling better than some head on a sunday afternoon
Better than a chick that say yes to soon
Until you have a daughter, that's what I call karma
And you pray to god she don't grow breasts too soon.
Projects to' up, gang signs is thrown up
Niggas hats broke off that's how we grow up
Why else you think shorty's write rhymes just to blow up?
Get they first car and then IRS show up
He ain't never had shit but he had that nine
Nigga come through flickin' and he had that shine
Put two and two together in a little bad weather
Gon' be a whole family on that funeral line
Ask the reverand was the strip club cool if my tips help send a pretty girl through school
That's all I want like wino's want they good whisky
I ain't in the Klan, but I brought my hood with me

[chorus]

[Nas:]
I heard the beat and I ain't know what to write
First line, should it be about the hos or the ice?
Four-four's or black christ? Both flows would be nice
Rap about big paper or the black man's plight
At the studio consol asked my man to the right
What this verse sound like, should I freestyle or write?
He said, Nas, what the fans want is Illmatic, Stillmatic
Picked up the pad and pencil and jotted what I feel
Been like 12 years since a nigga first signed
Now I'm a free agent
And I'm thinking it's time
To build my very own Motown
Cuz rappers be deprived of executive 9 to 5s
And it hurts to see these companies be stealing the life
And I love to give my blood sweat and tears to the mic
So y'all copped the LPs and y'all fiends got dealt
I'm Jesse Jackson on the balcony where King got killed
I survived the livest niggas around
Lasting longer than more than half of you clowns
Look, I used to cook before I had the game took
Either way my change came like Sam Cooke.

Feeling better than I ever felt before today
Like better late than never is orientation
Still we can make it better throwing all your cares away

This was founded years ago
By broke slaves, years ago
Who did not have, years ago
By broke brothas in the 20s, years ago
Who did not have when we could not eat
Hmm, remember that?
Eating all of our cereal with forks because we wanted to save the milk, do you remember that? Hmm?
Do you remember all those Christmases when your Mama walked in the room and pretended she was the tree, huh?
Remember that?

(Hey Mama), I wanna scream so loud for you, cuz I'm so proud of you
Let me tell you what I'm about to do, (Hey Mama)
I know I act a fool but, I promise you I'm goin back to school
I appreciate what you allowed for me
I just want you to be proud of me (Hey Mama)

[Verse 1]
I wanna tell the whole world about a friend of mine
This little light of mine and I'm finna let it shine
I'm finna take yall back to them better times
I'm finna talk about my mama if yall don't mind
I was three years old, when you and I moved to the Chi
Late December, harsh winter gave me a cold
You fixed me up something that was good for my soul
Famous homemade chicken soup, can I have another bowl?
You work late nights just to keep on the lights
Mommy got me training wheels so I could keep on my bike
And you would give anything in this world
Michael Jackson leather and a glove, but didn't give me a curl
And you never put no man over me
And I love you for that mommy cant you see?
Seven years old, caught you with tears in your eyes
Cuz a nigga cheatin, telling you lies, then I started to cry
As we knelt on the kitchen floor
I said mommy Imma love you till you don't hurt no more
And when I'm older, you aint gotta work no more
And Imma get you that mansion that we couldn't afford
See you're, unbreakable, unmistakable
Highly capable, lady that's makin loot
A livin legend too, just look at what heaven do
Send us an angel, and I thank you (Hey Mama)

[Chorus]

[Verse 2]
Forrest Gump mama said, life is like a box of chocolates
My mama told me go to school, get your doctorate
Somethin to fall back on, you could profit with
But still supported me when I did the opposite
Now I feel like it's things I gotta get
Things I gotta do, just to prove to you
You was getting through, can the choir please
Give me a verse of "You, Are So Beautiful To Me"
Can't you see, you're like a book of poetry
Maya Angelou, Nicky Giovanni, turn one page and there's my mommy
Come on mommy just dance wit me, let the whole world see your dancing feet
Now when I say Hey, yall say Mama, now everybody answer me (Hey Mama)

[Chorus]

[Bridge]
I guess it also depends tho, if my ends low
Second they get up you gon get that Benzo
Tint the windows, ride around the city and let ya friends know (Hey Mama)

[Verse 3]
Tell your job you gotta fake em out
Since you brought me in this world, let me take you out
To a restaurant, upper echelon
Imma get you a jag, whatever else you want
Just tell me what kind of S-Type Donda West like?
Tell me the perfect color so I make it just right
It don't gotta be Mother's Day, or your birthday
For me to just call and say (Hey Mama)

Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass

Why you actin' all
Shy and all
Why is y'all
Lyin' for?
"I never did this before..."
Stop that
What, you want some petron?
I got that.
I mean I promise y'all
You fine and all
And your girlfriend, she kinda raw
But she not like you
No, she not like you
Right now I need you to mute all the monologue
All that talkin is gon' give me a tylenol
You put a nigga to sleep, I'm tired of ya'll
Right now the Louis Vuitton don is signing off
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some Cris and some Mo
And we about to let it floooooow
Had some problems before but see we let em go
Got an ounce of that dro
And we about to let it bloooooow

Yeah, you know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that, I grab yo ass

See you know my style
I'm very wild
And I vow that my child will be well endowed
Like his daddy
And tell him that your mama had a fattie
He looked up at me said, "daddy that's the reason why you had me?"
Yep, we was praticing
Til one day your ass bust through the packaging
You know what though? You my favorite accident
So go head pop some Cristal
For my newborn child cuz now y'all

Know what this is
It's a celebration, bitches!
Grab a drink, grab a glass
After that I grab yo ass
But, I just thought you should know
We hit the liquor store
Got some cris and some mo
And we about to let it floooooow
Had some problems before but see we let em go
Got an ounce of that dro
And we about to let it bloooooow

Ho! Ho! (We lookin' for some) Ho! Ho!

[Quietly]
Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
[Louder]
Broke, broke broke phi broke (we ain't got it)
Broke, broke, broke phi-

[Leader:] I've called this private meeting today because there is an imposter among us.
There is an imposter among us.
This brother right here has been out making beats on the side, yes he has.
Pretending he's broke walking amongst us.
This brother has been eating every day, can you believe that? Eating every day.
Pretending he's with us, he's not one of us.
I did not want to believe this, but I walked into the brother Kanye's closet and I found new shoes.
I found new shoes!
Kanye, would you like to step forward and explain these new shoes?!

[Kanye: (stammering)] I was-you crazy, I wasn't, I didn't, um, I was just um, I was-

[Leader:] No, you speak up, brother!

[Kanye:] I was gon' stick-I'm tryin to stick to my roots and-

[Leader:] What?

[Kanye:] I wanna stick to my roots, and-

[Leader:] What?! You march your new shoes out of here, Kanye.
Don't you ever come back in 'em. Don't you ever come back smellin' all good, taking showers and shit like
That, all right? We don't appreciate that down here at Broke Phi Broke.

What's next?

Wished I had told
Ooh was (the) only one
But it's too late, it's too late
He's gone

[Kanye West]
You sweat her, and I ain't talkin 'bout a Coogi
You a big L, and I ain't talkin 'bout Cool J
See me at the airport, at least 20 Louis
Treat me like the Prince and this my sweet brother Numpsay
BROTHER NUMPSAY! Groupies sound too choosy
Take 'em to the show and talk all through the movies
Says she want diamonds, I took her to Ruby Tuesdays
If we up in Friday's, I still have it my way

[Chorus]
Too late, we, gone - we strivin home
Gone - we ride on chrome
It's too late

[Kanye West]
Y'all don't want no prob from me
What you rappers could get is a job from me
Maybe you could be my intern, and in turn
I'll show you how I cook up summer, in the win-turr
Aaron love the raw dog, when will he learn
Caught somethin on the Usher tour he had to "Let it Burn"
Plus he already got three chil'run
Arguin over babysitters like, "Bitch - it's yo' turn!"
Damn 'Ye, it'd be stupid to ditch you
Even your superficial raps is super official
R-R-R-Roc Pastelle with Gucci on
With TV's in the ride, throw a movie on
Said he couldn't rap now he at the top with doobie long
Cause the dookie's on any song that they threw me on, gone

[Chorus]
We strivin home, gone
[Cam] I ride on chrome...
We strivin home, gone
[Cam] Killa, I ride on chrome

[Cam'Ron]
Knock knock, who's there? Killa Cam, Killa who?
Killa Cam, hustler, grinder, gorilla true
Oh my chinchilla blue, blue you ever dealt with a dealer
Well here's the deal ma we goin to the dealer booth
No concealin, no ceiling I don't need a roof
Act up, get out, I don't need you poof
Poof, be gone, damn tough luck dag
Dag, niggaz still doin puff puff pass
Pull the truck up fast and I tell 'em
Hey, back in a touched up Jag, shit
Y'all niggaz want Killa Cam, cerebellum
An old man just gon' tell 'em (too late, he, gone)
Then I see how y'all gonna react when I'm (gone)
My last girl want me back then I'm on
Fine stay, you got the grind hey
Came back, read what the sign say (too late, he, gone)
Yes I know you wanna see my demise
Yeah you church boy actin like a thief in disguise
Ain't leavin my side, see the greed in my eyes
Ask Abby y'all hustle for a week to the Chi, shit
And that ain't leavin alive, please believe me
Gave Weezy a piece of the pie, and
You can ask George or Regina
The whole Westside I explore with the Beemer now

[Chorus]
We strivin home, I ride on chrome
Listen homeboy move on
That's your best bet, why's that?
Cause

[Consequence]
Uhh, uhh, yo, yo
I been pourin out some liquor for the fact that my pal's gone
And tryin to help his momma with the fact that her child gone
And since we used to bubble like a tub full of Calgon
Guess it's only right that I should help her from now on
But since they got a foul on, what coulda gone wrong
Now they askin Cons, how long has this gone on
And maybe all this money mighta gone to my head
Cause they got me thinkin money mighta gone to the feds
So I ain't goin to the dread, but he'll go on up to bed
And when I came the next mornin he was gone with my bread
And with that bein said, I had gone on my instincts
And gone to the spots where they go to get mixed drinks
But lookin back now shoulda gone to the crib
And rented "Gone With the Wind," cause I'da gone about 10
But I had gone with my friend, and we had gone to the bar
And heard a nigga talkin shit so I had gone to the car
And now the judge is tellin me that I had gone too far
And now we gone for 20 years, doin time behind bars
And since I gone to a cell for some petty crimes
I guess I gone to the well one too many times, cause I'm gone

[long instrumental pause]

[Kanye West imitating "The Show" at first]
Uh-uh-uh
Uh-uh-uh uh uh onnn, uh uh-uh onnn
Uh-uh onnn, uh uh-uh I'mmmm
Ah-head of my time, sometimes years out
So the powers that be won't let me get my ideas out
And that make me wanna get my advance out
And move to Oklahoma and just live at my Aunt's house
Yeah, I romance the thought of leavin it all behind
Kanye step away from the lime-
-light, like, when I was on the grind
In the "One, Nine, Nine, Nine"
Before, model chicks was bendin over or
Dealerships asked me Benz or Rover, man
If I could just get one beat on Hova
We could get up off this cheap-ass sofa
What the summer of the Chi got to offer an 18-year-old
Sell drugs or get a job, you gotta play gyro
My dawg worked at Taco Bell, hooked us up plural
Fired a week later the manager count the churros
Sometimes I can't believe it when I look up in the mirrow
How we out in Europe, spendin Euros
They claim you never know what you got 'til it's GONE
I know I got it, I don't know what y'all on
I'ma open up a store for aspiring MC's
Won't sell 'em no dream, but the inspiration is free
But if they ever flip sides like Anakin
You'll sell everything includin the mannequin
They got a new bitch now you Jennifer Aniston
Hold on I'll handle it, don't start panickin, stay calm
Shorty's at the door cause they need more
Inspiration for they life, they souls, and they songs
They said sorry Mr. West is gone!

[Intro]
Diamonds are forever
They won't leave in the night
I've no fear that they might
Desert me

[Chorus]
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme.
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?......

Close your eyes and imagine, feel the magic
Vegas on acid,
Seen through Yves St. Laurent glasses
And I've realized that I've arrived, cuz
It take more than a magazine to kill my Vibe does
he write his own rhymes, so sort of
I think 'em
That mean I forgot better shit than u ever thought up
Damn, is he really that caught up?
I ask if you talkin' bout classics, do my name get brought up?
I remember I couldn't afford a Ford Escort or even a four-track recorder
so its only right that I let the top drop on a drop-top Porsche
- its for yourself that's important
If a stripper named Porscha and u get tips from many men
Then your fat friend her nickname is Minivan
Excuse me,
That's just the Henny, man, I smoke, I drink, I'm supposed to stop I can't because

[Chorus]
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme.
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?......

I was sick about awards
Couldn't nobody cure me
Only playa that got robbed but kept all his jewelry
Alicia Keys tried to talk some sense to them
30 minutes later seems there's no convincing them
What more can you ask for?
The international assholes nah
Who complains about what he is owed?
And throw a tantrum like he is 3 years old
You gotta love it though somebody still speaks from his soul
And wouldn't change by the change, or the game, or the fame,
When he came, in the game, he made his own lane
Now all I need is y'all to pronounce my name
Its Kanye - But some of my plastic - they still say Kane
Got family in the D, Kin-folk from Motown
Back in the Chi - them folks ain't from Motown
Life movin' too fast I need to slow down
Girl ain't give me no ass, ya need to go down

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
My father Ben said I need Jesus
So he took me to church and let the water wash over my ceaser
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
The preacher said we need leaders
Right then my body got still like a paraplegic

You know who you can call you gotta best believe it
The Roc stand tall and you would never believe it
Take your diamonds and throw 'em up like you bulimic
Yea the beat cold but the flow is anemic
After debris settles and the dust get swept off
Big K pick up where young Hov left off
Right when magazines wrote Kanye West off
I dropped my new shit sound like the best of
A&R's lookin' like "pssh we messed up"
Grammy night, damn right, we got dressed up
Bottle after bottle till we got messed up
In the studio, where really though, yea he next up
People askin' me if I'm gon' give my chain back
That'll be the same day I give the game back
You know the next question dog "Yo, where Dame at?"
This track the Indian dance to bring our reign back
"What's up with you and Jay, man, are y'all ok man?"
They pray for the death of our dynasty like Amen
R-r-r-right here stands a-man
With the power to make a diamond with his bare hands...

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Throw your diamonds in the sky if you feel the vibe
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)
The Roc is still alive every time I rhyme.
Forever ever? Forever ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever? Ever, ever?......

Diamonds are forever (forever, forever)
Diamonds are forever (forever, forever, forever)

[Chorus: Kanye West]
I'll be late for that, baby I'll wait for that
If you had a taste of that, you'd probably pay for that
I'm comin in when I feel like
To turn this muh'fucker up only if it feels right
I'll be late for that, I can't wait for that
I think I was made for that
So I'm comin in when I feel like
To turn this muh'fucker up only if it feels right

[Kanye West]
Stop all your blood claat cryin, I was flyin
Made it to school with barely 'nuff time to sign in
Yeah I hear the alarm, yeah I hear you mom
Yeah yeah I don't wan' be broke when I'm 31
They said the best classes go to the fastest
Sorry Mr. West there's no good classes, and that's what yo' ass get
Not even electives? Not even prerequits?
You mean I missed my major by a couple of seconds?
Now I'm in the shop class or the basket weavin
With all the rest of the muh'fuckers underachievin
Man, this is a insult
I went to junior high with all of them and they been slow
If I can catch the beat then slow down the tempo
Just notice at the end if I'm too late for the intro
Will I make it from the student loans to a Benz-o?
Like old folks pissin, I guess it all (Depends), oh, oh
... Stop you're cryin baby

[Chorus]

[Kanye West]
You know when you be late you miss all the lights
That's right (that's right) that's right (that's right)
And when you get back she gon' start up a fight
That night (that night) that night
Baby it's too late for that, lately I've been takin it slow
Try and make it to the party 'fore the guest list close
With the freshest hoes, the professors know
We about to get real unprofessional
Like them eskimos, what would you do for a Klondike?
Or two dykes that look Christina Milian like
Hmmm, I'll be on time for that
I ain't thought of no line that could rhyme with that
Yo, I'll be there in five minutes, five hours later
I'll be there in five minutes, go 'head ride with it
I'm so live with it, look how I did it
Been bullshittin but I finally arrived with it
I know it's late and I took all year but
You can stop complainin cause I'm finally here, yeah

